Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
Easy as pie.
Now pies that infinite number that goes on and on and ob to infinity.
It's often used to test to see how good your memory is.
No,
most people can goes far as 3.14 but we're going to go to 12 decimal places.
So here's what that looks like.
Three point 141592653589 Are you ready?
Okay,
as we have three pairs of two digits,
will need three scenes in your journey.
You may want a handcuff three yourself to a pie at this start of it.
So seen 1 14 a.
D.
Allen Davis of Jonathan Creek Fame.
A E.
Albert Einstein writing on a blackboard So Alan Davis,
writing on a blackboard,
gives us 1415 Next scene,
too.
92 equals and be Norman Bates of Psycho Fame and 65 Sam Elliott wearing a cowboy Stetson So
Norman Bates,
wearing a cowboy Stetson,
gives us 9 to 65 Seen 3 35 c.
E.
Clint Eastwood on 89 h.
En Horatio Nelson Looking through a telescope So Clint Eastwood,
looking through a telescope is 35 89.
So putting all that together,
we have Allen Davis writing on a blackboard,
Norman Bates wearing a Stetson and Clint Eastwood looking through a telescope.
141592653589 And that's the 1st 12 digits off pie.
Okay,
you can,
of course,
use the major system if you find that easier.
But either way,
you need never be put off by memorizing lung numbers again.
It's as easy as pie.
I'll see you in the next lecture.